---
layout: post
title: Congressman-Ron-Paul-on-Healthcare-video
date: 2009-06-19-11:18:00
comments: false
categories: [jbs, news]
---

[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foXQbmZxWYY&amp;hl=en&amp;fs=1&amp;]<br /><br />Click "Read More" to read a letter from RP (and another from John Tate) on this subject<br /><br /><span class="fullpost"><br /><br /><blockquote>Dear Friend,<br /><br />As both a defender of Liberty and a Medical Doctor, Im very concerned about the plans the Obama Administration and many in Congress have to increase the governments role in healthcare.<br /><br />Medical decisions being made by government bureaucrats, loss of privacy of medical data, and our ability to keep our own insurance and doctors are all up for grabs once Congress starts moving on these government takeover and rationing schemes.<br /><br />But the good news is you and I can fight back.<br /><br />Because youve joined me in battle before, I wanted you to be among the first people contacted by Campaign for Liberty in their fight against this federal power grab of our healthcare.<br /><br />As you may know, Campaign for Liberty is carrying the Revolution forward and is leading the fight in Congress and all across the country, mobilizing Patriots to battle.<br /><br />This battle against government-run healthcare is one I sincerely hope you will join.<br /><br />Please watch this video I recorded to in response to this Government Healthcare Takeover Plan.<br /><br />And if you have not already, please take a careful look at the letter below from Campaign for Libertys President, John Tate, and do all you can to help our fight for freedom.<br /><br />For Liberty,<br /><br />Congressman Ron Paul</blockquote><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />-----------<br /><blockquote>Dear Friend of Liberty:<br /><br />Im from the government and Im here to help.<br /><br />If these words send a shiver up your spine now... just wait.<br /><br />What if the next time you hear that, its your doctor?<br /><br />What if its the person who decides if you get a life-saving procedure?<br /><br />If that scares you as much as it scares me, I hope youll sumbit the petition below to Congress IMMEDIATELY.<br /><br />And I hope youll join Campaign for Libertys fight against this government takeover of our healthcare system by making a generous donation as well.<br /><br />I'll give you the link for petition in just a moment, but first let me explain how urgent this effort is.<br /><br />As youll see, theres no time to waste.<br /><br />You and I must DEMAND President Obama and Congress back off their healthcare rationing Scheme and other plans for government intervention.<br /><br />Theres no telling when Congress may act to implement their European-style takeover of medicine, so theres absolutely NO time to waste.<br /><br />If passed, not only could the $1.5 TRILLION federal government takeover of healthcare be the last straw to bankrupt our country, but it would also:<br /><br />    *** Hand control of our healthcare industry to an unelected federal board who will take charge of deciding who gets medical care -- and who doesnt;<br /><br />    *** End medical privacy by establishing a nationwide Medical Record Database, allowing virtually anyone in the medical-industrial complex -- even those in foreign countries -- to access your personal medical records WITHOUT your consent;<br /><br />    *** End private health insurance by herding hardworking Americans into a government-sanctioned health insurance boondoggle;<br /><br />    *** Dramatically raise taxes by counting health benefits as income, or by forcing businesses and uninsured workers to pay for officially sanctioned insurance.<br /><br />    *** Allow for even more government intrusion into our personal lives by paving the way for bureaucrats to tell us what we can and cant eat, drink and smoke, like New York Citys ban on smoking and unapproved fats in food. <br /><br />I can tell you my friend; there has never in our history been a more imminent danger of government-run healthcare becoming the law of the land.<br /><br />Thats why its vital you act TODAY!<br /><br />You see -- two major events have come together to assist their diabolical plans to take over our healthcare.<br /><br />First, as you know, international banksters and their allies in our federal government raided our Treasury, stole our tax dollars, and nearly sank our economy.<br /><br />This job-destroying recession - largely caused by an out of control Federal Reserve, Congress and Wall Street - has caused far too many families to have to worry about their jobs  and their healthcare.<br /><br />And then, just as millions of Americans were feeling the effects of this troubled economy, large-scale fear was foisted upon us by government agencies thirsty for more power and control over our lives.<br /><br />You see, after radically overhyping the threat to U.S. citizens from the swine flu, the government now believes you are ready to be led to safety.<br /><br />They believe all they have to do is constantly harp about the high cost of healthcare and American citizens will instantly fall in line behind their scheme to take care of us.<br /><br />But of course, you and I both know we didnt get here by accident and we didnt get here in only the last few months.<br /><br />The truth is, the answer to our problems is NOT more government involvement in healthcare.<br /><br />The answer is LESS -- so the free market can inexpensively and efficiently distribute much-needed healthcare services to ALL American citizens.<br /><br />But, of course, thats not what those in power in Washington D.C. really want.<br /><br />After all, that would mean theyd have less POWER and less CONTROL over our lives -- and power and control are EXACTLY what this fight is all about.<br /><br />You see, this Government Healthcare Takeover and Rationing Scheme strikes at the heart of EVERYTHING you and I hold dear.<br /><br />You and I believe American citizens ARE NOT cattle to be poked, prodded and herded like livestock by government bureaucrats who know whats best for us.<br /><br />But under their Big Government Healthcare power grab, youll be nothing more than a dehumanized statistic -- a number on a piece of paper.<br /><br />The Federal Healthcare Rationing Board will make THEIR decisions on what healthcare you and your family receive based not on what YOU or your doctor decide is best . . .<br /><br />. . . But on what THEY decide is best.<br /><br />Isnt your life really worth saving? What about your familys?<br /><br />Well, the Obama Administration and their Big Government allies in both parties think youre too personally invested to answer those questions objectively.<br /><br />So they want their own handpicked, Washington, D.C. bureaucrats to answer them for you.<br /><br />And if you dont like their decisions?<br /><br />Well, hopefully you can live with them -- literally.<br /><br />If that scares you as much as it scares me, I hope youll submit the Petition to Congress opposing any Government takeover of healthcare.<br /><br />Campaign for Liberty will gather these Petitions from hundreds of thousands of supporters nationwide, and use them as part of a huge grassroots blitz on Washington in opposition to government-run healthcare.<br /><br />You and I must lead this fight to stop the government from taking over yet another area of our lives.<br /><br />You see, Campaign for Liberty supporters know first-hand what happens when out of control bureaucrats are left to make decisions that impact our freedom.<br /><br />Think about what that means for your healthcare.<br /><br />What do you think will happen under a government run healthcare system if your political or religious views happen to be undesirable?<br /><br />What about if you own a gun?<br /><br />You know, after seeing all those government memos accusing freedom-loving, law-abiding citizens of being terrorists, do you really want to find out?<br /><br />Just like in that case, while we may wonder about the full extent of their schemes, we need only look at what theyre willing to say publicly for clues as to their intentions.<br /><br />You see, the advocates for government-run healthcare are not at all afraid to say they want a socialized healthcare system like Canadas.<br /><br />And you and I know what the government takeover of healthcare in other countries has brought them.<br /><br />There, folks have to wait over four months just to see a specialist -- and over SIX MONTHS for simple surgical procedures!<br /><br />Can you imagine that? Is that really what we want for ourselves and our families?<br /><br />Well, Ron Paul and Campaign for Liberty strongly say NO!<br /><br />But as it stands now, not enough Americans understand whats at stake for them and their families.<br /><br />That means our backs are TRULY against the wall.<br /><br />The good news in this fight is that IF you and I show Americans what Government Health Care is really all about, we CAN defeat it.<br /><br />But to succeed, its up to you and me to flood the White House and Congress with a TIDAL WAVE of public opposition.<br /><br />Thats why Campaign for Liberty is pulling out all the stops to inform folks about the facts -- and urge them to express their outrage to Washington, D.C.<br /><br />Well start with these Petitions, which well gather and deliver in the coming weeks. But of course, that wont be all.<br /><br />E-mail blasts. Blogs. Direct mail. Phone banking.<br /><br />Town halls, meet-ups, leaflet drops.<br /><br />Newspaper, radio and television ads.<br /><br />Media and PR blitzes from Campaign for Liberty staff and supporters.<br /><br />But such an extensive program isnt cheap.<br /><br />And its the ONLY way were going to defeat further erosions of our freedoms and the governments takeover of our healthcare.<br /><br />So in addition to submitting a signed Petition, please make your most generous contribution of $250, $100 or $50 TODAY!<br /><br />The truth is, without your IMMEDIATE action, Im afraid there just wont be enough time or money to do everything that needs to be done.<br /><br />And Im sure youll agree, this is not a fight you and I can afford to lose. And that no one can bring the heat quite like you and your fellow Patriots. Just look at how much progress we are making toward Auditing the Fed!<br /><br />So please click here to submit your petition along with a contribution of $250, $100 or $50 TODAY!<br /><br />Power-hungry politicians in Washington, D.C. are intent on ramming this bill into law before the American people realize whats at stake.<br /><br />Thats why we may not have much time.<br /><br />So please click here to submit your Petition and generous contribution of $250, $100 or $50 IMMEDIATELY!<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />John F. Tate<br />President<br /><br />P.S. The Federal Government is poised to hand over your healthcare, your medical records, and decisions over even life and death to unelected bureaucrats.<br /><br />Theres not a moment to waste if you want to keep your freedom, your doctor, even the power to decide whether you receive life-saving medical care.<br /><br />Please join Ron Pauls Campaign for Liberty today in our fight to stop a Big Government takeover of Healthcare, before its too late! </blockquote><br /><br /></span>


Posted by: jamba

Category: ##news 


Published Date: Fri, 19 Jun 2009 11:18:00 +0000 

<a href="http://factorq.net/2009/06/19/congressman-ron-paul-on-healthcare-video/">Original URL</a> | <a href="http://factorq.wordpress.com/2009/06/19/congressman-ron-paul-on-healthcare-video/">Original guid</a> | PostID= 18

 original filename: 16